docs: add lowercasing of HTTP headers to documentation (#7224)
puppeteer/puppeteer: docs/api.md

The extra HTTP headers will be sent with every request the page initiates.

> > **NOTE** All headers are lowercased, since HTTP headers are case insensitive.

Reviewer: This doesn't logically follow, so perhaps rephrase to:

```suggestion
> **NOTE** All HTTP header names are lowercased. (HTTP headers are case-insensitive, so this shouldn’t impact your server code.)
```

Since this is a small change I'll go ahead and apply this 👍
